In angular. Build for me a full stack web application that integrate api backend. This backend about a project to make products. User can login, register, reset password,
and so on. Once user logged in successfully the response of login returns access_token (jwt) also a http only cookie set for refresh_token. In angular I want to implement :


Core scope :

1) Provide a generic api endpoint service that implement generic http methods. Get, Post, Put, Patch and delete. It may seem(like repository pattern)
2) Provide a generic response handler to catch each api endpoint into catch block. This handler should take English message localize it into Arabic and returning message 
   in a global toast with status of http so on.
3) Endpoints for backend. After setting base url into environment it must be call into constant endpoints class that contains all api backend endpoints for example.
     const products = basUrl + "api/v1/products"
4) Try to implement global toast and encapsulate it with whole application.
Authentication scope :
1) Provide login, register components.
2) Auth service to handle api integration with injection Api endpoint service to use http methods to each auth service method.
3) Try not to store tokens in local storage. Try to make a global state for access token wherever refresh token must be in browser cookie stored.
4) Functionality of access token expiration and hitting endpoint auth/refresh to hit endpoint and getting a new access token.
5) Interceptor, guard to implement auth middleware in which it controls the token. The redirection of user if tries to access a page by changing the url manually and redirects 
   into login page.
6) Logout functionality with removing global state of token and other states and cookies.
7) Types of auth for example user type, user response, loginmodel, registermodel

Features scope :
 
1) Api types for each feature for example product types.
2) Api service for each feature.
3) Ui components for each feature.



https://github.com/askides/clean-architecture-react/blob/main/src/index.tsx
